everyone at Sasser we are here this is a
treat with really one of my very
favorite founder CEOs Renee lert of
bill.com and I was lucky enough to meet
Renee relatively early we were both
funded back in the day by emergence
capital I think that's where we first
met and in some ways it seems like
decades ago in some ways it seems like
yesterday but it was fascinating Renee
was one of the it was a group this early
group of emergence there were some
incredible Founders in it there was
Peter gastner from viva from this group
and David sax and other is and Renee to
me was particularly compelling because
he' just been working at this problem
for a long time which what you chatting
about and I'm probably one of the few
folks here that we'll even remember his
startup before that pace cycle which
we'll chat about but someone with this
tenacious vision and bill.com was worth
something like25 billion dollar today
but it took a long time it was hard work
and we'll learn why next so Renee thank
you so much for joining us you bet Jason
it's great to see you and those early
memories of being in SASS and being the
cloud before it was called the cloud you
were there I was there and I just really
enjoyed those conversations as part of
the emergence family and it's great to
be here talking to to you so thanks for
having me in yeah and it's fun and I
just want to now now most folks I talk
to I'm not like a super fan customer but
build faster now is it's a company and a
fund and we I run everything on bill.com
and it's funny as the CEO of whatever a
10 person company it's my dashboard it's
my everything and it's funny I don't
even know what we pay this is a classic
Co thing but whatever it is we don't pay
enough and what I do all I care about
it's funny as a CO I only care about one
thing that all of our bills and
everything flow into One dashboard and I
can just pay it and see where the money
goes and I don't have to do any work
it's magical tell us a little bit about
how you got to this magic because it
wasn't easy to get all of these vendors
and everything connected just getting
bill.com to where it is it took a decade
to make this this underpinnings work
didn't it yeah it's it's interesting it
always starts with a a strong vision and
mission of what you want want to do so
me my grandparents my parents they were
seral entrepreneurs I grew up around
them and when I started the first
company pay cycle which will probably
get to talk about that at some point I
found that everything I was doing to run
the business was really not that
different than what my grandfather had
done 60 years earlier which was filing
cabinets paper checks walking around
finding employees asking what was going
on and it was at the time when I started
pay cycle it was internet payroll we
weren't thinking about Cloud payroll it
was called internet payroll but I
realized hey we had taken this concept
of a software application we had made a
database in the sky that was shared by
everybody and then we had software UI
that could be customized for Bank
Partners or for accounts whatnot and so
I realized that there was this
opportunity to really solve all of that
mess that a business has and running it
but the thing that you talked about
being able to get your fingers on the
documents that actually drive your
business whether that's a contract or a
bill or an invoice or shared payment
having all of that at your fingertips
the cloud makes that possible and so I
just started needling that and then it
came up with kind of this broad platform
of how we could do things and so to your
point I came up with the platform and
then I started executing on it like we
didn't have it day one it it took us
like you said it was probably 10 years
before we started having meaningful
Revenue that others like huh that
company might go public and you pass
forward kind of two years later three
years later we're filing for the IPO
we're launching some of the payment
products that were new to us that had a
variable based pricing that kind of
turbocharged some of the growth
and all of it came together but really
wasn't that different than what I
envisioned back in 2004 before I left
pay cycle I started thinking about this
before I left I started in 2006 and then
I started executing so I think part of
the learning is like if you have your
vision stick to it if you can and if you
have the investors that will support
that stick to it and make sure that
you're finding stuff that supports it
and pay attention to stuff that doesn't
and then tweak that but we were
fortunate everything we did seemed to
support what we were doing not as fast
customer growth in the early days as we
wanted but we found a way to crack that
code as well and didn't you have to I
might be misremembering but didn't you
have to convince a lot of Partners and
Merchants to join the platform wasn't
that not easy in the beginning probably
until you had a network Built Well one
of the things that I focused on which
I've learned from others out there is
you can't force uh a crossing of the
digital divide overnight right so all of
your listeners everybody's trying to
force that Crossing they had this great
idea we're trying to force that but she
yeah you have to have a bridge right and
so the bridge for us in the early days
was send us in take a fact take a
document and fax it in and you'll just
handle out right but that was the bridge
of taking the paper and getting in the
system and on the payment side we'd be
like we'll just cut you a check so we
didn't force people to connect their
vendors but then we did uh incentives
from a pricing perspective a check was a
dollar 49 or whatever $169 a day and an
a was 29 cents so that price incentive
enabled us to grow that network if you
have vendors if you have suppliers that
you work with that want to get paid
electronically they're going to say hey
Jason I want to get paid electronically
we make it super easy but then we have
this other thing which is hey Jason you
might save some money and you'll have
better control and you'll have better
security over those Farms that are going
out if you use asked for the a of the
payment so go and buite your vendors in
so a lot of this was the the network
side actually wasn't as hard other than
that it took time you made it in the
product where you could easily invite
people in bring them into the platform
have them engage that was the thing that
was important the platform lets cross
engage and part of the reason you for
buy the URL bill.com is that my bill
your bill means something very different
when I bill it means you're going to pay
me when you pay the bill it means money
coming out and so that two-sided part of
the network is something that we built a
platform around that to do both AP and
AR depending on which side was covered
it yeah but you didn't force it right if
people want to continue to fax or deal
outside of the network it could be
transparent to them until they saw the
carrot right which was to make a little
bit more money yeah I still have vendors
that I I use build icon personally and I
have vendors that want to receive a
check and I always ask them sometimes
they get very perturbed it's almost like
the vaccine question some people don't
like to be asked the question right and
they get pertur like I'm not going to
tell you what I do but no don't send me
a check don't send me electronic I have
to have check can you just tell me why
you want a check it's not secure
somebody's going to anyways some it's
religious for some people so you have to
have a way to support you like you run a
business you're not going to have
multiple methods of payment yes you want
to go to your bank you don't want to P
out your checkbook you want to be able
to pay your bills anywhere and when and
we think that that sort of that power
law you described of bill.com progress
right where it's X years and then all of
a sudden people a lot of people maybe
could only see it a couple years before
the IPO and then probably 10x in market
cap since you would know better than me
when did it when do you when did you see
it when did it take off when did it
start to feel deris when did it feel
inevitable to you one of the early so I
both p and Bill were very focused on
having a business model that works right
the first thousand customers you're
losing money on every customer it
doesn't matter you lose money right you
have to have support and stuff like that
but we worked hard and probably within
five years we had gross margins that
were probably north of 50% right and so
now our gross margins are close to 75 to
80 somewhere in that range but when we
when I saw that we could flip the gross
margin and I knew we could go more just
on our core subscription business I knew
we had some because those are strong
software for gross margins the market
was massive and then the next inflection
point would be when we decided to
monetize more with the international
payments and the virtual C products that
we added and we knew maybe the the
flection point that was interesting is
when we decided to go do International
payments we did some research into our
customer base and just to see we thought
since we have this sync capability with
the accounting software we'll see how
many International vendors are there
what we were surprised to learn is yes
we had lots of international vendors as
they s from the county software but our
customers were reporting payments
outside of bill.com in bill.com so you
can do a wire and you can say so they
were using us for all the worthwhile in
those payments that were going
International but they were making the
payment through their bank and then we
realized that we had something more than
just the workflow platform that we
really had a system of Engagement so we
had the system of record the system of
Engagement and then you get to the
system of information which is all about
the data that we're using for out what
products to serve and offer our
customers AI tools that we have but that
was a turning point when we realized we
could have a much different
understanding in use case with our
customers because the platform was doing
the job the stickiness of workflow
documate management security compliance
all that stuff that you don't have to
worry about as customer that was sticky
enough that we realized we could start
selling other things and that's really
what's happened since the IPO we started
that at the time the IPO yeah the kind
of the growth that's really driven the
transaction Revenue growing at the rate
that it has been let's come back back to
that next but just to step back to make
sure I understand the learning the case
study so these International payments
This Magic Moment was it because that's
such a it's so much work for a small
business that it was magical when Bill
could handle it or what why was that the
magic was it just I don't know how to
send a payment to to 22 countries and
then I could just click a button and
Bill and would happen that was so much
more magical than just a domestic
transfer yeah I think it's the having
one place like you said like you've got
a company you could be traveling you
might have been on summer vacation you
need to pay a bill and it happens to be
a that's International now I have to
call my bank look I I just had dinner
with my family it's 11 o'clock at night
here I don't know who the hell I can
call at this hour right but with Bill
you just be like oh yeah just schedule
the payment we'll go out tomorrow and so
it is the Simplicity ease of use that
you have one dashboard that has all now
to do that gets back to that platform
that endm platform that has the
regulatory the compliance pieces the
security all that stuff around money
movement is not always easiest stuff to
do so yeah so let's chat let's talk a
little bit about the pay so you can tell
me what you call it if I call it the
fintech side of Bill it's got this
almost amazing Shopify esque element
today where Shopify started off as
websites for for e-commerce and now it's
mostly Merchant fees you're 5050 today
aren't you or something like that based
on your last stuff 50% of your revenues
from payments 50% from software yeah and
I we've been moving in that direction as
we've been able to capture more of the
the international payments and virtual
card transactions with the divy
transaction an opportunity there that's
going to increase the transaction
revenues you know having this ability to
leverage the platform this m platform to
execute payments the payments I one of
the things I got asked a lot in the
early days is well hey I don't need to
change things I have a way to make your
payment and so then I had other people
saying how do you more electronic
payments and it's and I would always
start with the payment is the last thing
that a customer does right it's
everything before that matters like you
you're not going to just sign a check or
use bill.com to essentially sign a check
or X elron payment unless you know what
the content of that bill is you're going
to want to look at it and so that's
where we spend all the time on that
workflow and that process and I think
for us it's really turned out that's
quite sticky and quite hard to do and
remind me you probably have a broader
and certainly more sophisticated
definition of payments for Bill of
course than I do right as just a fan but
if I remember I remember reading the S1
when you went public and you had some
interchange and other Revenue but this
real payment stuff actually took off
post IPO right it's really the last
couple years so what had to come
together to make that happen because
that's a crazy acceleration right in the
last two years yeah yeah so the payment
the transactional revenue we had around
the IPO because we had not yet we just
started International payments and the
vertical payments was all fixed unit
pricing so the Teck was $149 or $169
depending on the timing and the a was 49
so if you're doing 20 payments a month
with us on average we'll get a dollar
per payment that's $20 a month I'm not
making that much it's saster but
something it adds up yeah something like
that but then if we now offer
International payments yeah and instead
of you going to the bank and and paying
the fees that you might have there we'll
charge something less than that and be
inside of bill.com and then there's an
fx opportunity for us and those
transactional fees end up being sniff
more so it's the the fact that we went
to variable based pricing for some of
our payments it's a very small number of
the payments but it's the payments that
matter for the business like you don't
have to go somewhere else to do it that
matters the virtual card payments is the
same thing suppliers don't have to
create a new method of accepting
payments they can just take the card
that they're comfortable taking and so
those things allow for variable based
pricing versus six based pricing and did
did the markets just have to evolve and
maybe even apis and others or why was
four years ago not the right time I
think it was for us we were still
working on a number of things we had the
endm platform part of that endm platform
was distribution right so having a
diverse ecosystem system that allows us
to go direct which we do good number of
custom come from that allows us to go to
accounts which is a a many Dem many
relationship right so every accounting
firm 5,000 across the country they bring
us a lot of customers for accounting
firm and then go to the Strategic
Partners fin institutions into do it
that's a many to many right so there's
just and having the ability to have a
platform that has that ecos system it
took time to get that right at the same
time having a platform that allowed us
to bolt on payment Vehicles if you will
meant that we had to get a number of
really strong capabilities around
Regulatory Compliance that I just we
weren't we were focused on doing it we
right so we can make sure that we
continue to grow business and then start
adding the things on top and it was was
very purposeful was very intentful on
how do we make sure that the business
can scale and we've been very happy with
our ability to scale once we add those
capabilities on but I think it really
gets back to the efficient go to market
and the efficient platform that we from
day one get that right and then there's
lots of things you can do with it but
ultimately the idea of owning payments
yourself and interchange and all that
was part of the original Vision it's not
like you you came to that a few years
ago it just took it took a whole bunch
of time on your platform to real a bunch
of patient time to realize it yeah I
think part of the international payments
would have been a part of the original
Vision I think 15 years ago virtual cars
was not something that was well
understood and so it probably wasn't
part of the original Vision but what was
part of the Vision was being able to
move money from person a to person B and
since all the money goes through us on a
run rate basis $170 billion now since
all that money goes through us we're
able to do other things that other
players can't and so that that was part
of the visual Vision so when new
opportunities come up to create a better
experience for suppliers and we get
demonetize you know because of That's
great so one last on this and then let's
talk about go to market and SBS and some
fun stuff like that but should if ever
should everyone that can be a fintech
and SAS be one should everyone that can
find some sort of Neo Bank virtual card
should everyone companies like divvy
which we'll get to before we end they
did it should we all be a fintech if we
can or is there a or there too many is
there a cautionary tale does that should
everybody be doing pays yes I I'll
probably answer the question a little
bit differently I think it's if you have
the stomach to do it and have the the
main expertise to do it it's a great way
to add on to your business model but I
would say it's not for the pain of heart
the regulatory defin that if I think
about the conversations I have with our
bank Partners which by the way has been
a great way for us to learn and get
ahead of the compliance and Regulatory
needs it is pretty daunting right and
right now a lot of fintech companies are
probably below radar on that front yeah
so you need to be prepared investors
need to be prepared for what does it
mean I think it was probably our Series
E or D so we end up getting to I for
IPO but in one of our investments one of
the investors is you know what I'm not
sure you guys have all the right
regulatory stuff I'm going to bring my
outside counsel in to really help you
and it helped a lot that was nine years
ago wow 10 years ago so I think that
when you ask the question is if it makes
sense for it to be part of the business
model yes you should do it but you have
to have the stomach for it and you have
to have the stomach when I say that you
have to be willing to invest there's
plenty of investment that we made over
the years that didn't help us acquire
customers that didn't help us increase
Revenue was like no we just have to
build infrastructure so that that's just
one of those things that not everybody's
up for it is it seems like like with all
the apis in Neo Banks and baking as a
service and it it almost seems easy
today but it's a cautionary tale that
this a huge regulatory overhead right
even if you're not a bank yourself it's
huge right it's huge amount of CEO time
that we're chatting today so it's not
for the it's it's not easy and it's not
for the faint of Hearts yeah and another
part of it which is what gets into the
rfor compliance is there is fraud right
there is credit risk fraud risk and a
lot of our infrastructure was designed
around that how do we manage that
successfully and to make sure that we're
in a good spot so it it's when you're
small you may not think about those
things but if you assume scale you have
to be thinking about those things from
day one so that's just the job Fraud's
minor when you're small but it can
rapidly scale out of control right it
can snowball in a way you've never seen
before if you've ever seen it behind the
scenes it it's a thread that gets pulled
fast isn't it yeah yeah and I think it
depends on the business and cards have
fraud built into it so in some ways your
fintech can have a card product maybe
that's different but if you're trying to
wanted the ability to be able to do any
type of payment because that's what
customers needed you have to you know
make sure that you're owning that
infrastructure versus you're Ling on
some third party bank that's going to
help you because they won't be able to
keep up with you once you get to a
certain scale so I want to make sure we
have a little bit of time for some of
your really jaw-dropping metrics so I
may have my math wrong but your ACV is
still around 2K so it's tiny I don't
know what we pay maybe we pay 200 $300
$400 a month it's tiny right 121% nrr
which has gone up for 110% of the IPO so
your business is getting stickier and
stickier let's step back for a minute
how do you get to these 2K customers I
was brought in obviously I knew bill
from you but as a customer I came in
through our Outsource controller right
who brought us in is that a big channel
for you is the channel a big way you get
these little 2K customers because the
direct Marketing in sales is tough at 2K
isn't it yes and no there is plenty word
amount there's plenty Self Service that
kind of drives customers in they might
still talk to somebody in the sales team
but it can be pretty quick so you
ultimately there the three-prong
approach on the ecosystem has worked for
us right so it's the go direct obviously
optimize digital marketing the best you
can leverage the word amount that you
can to drive and then go to accountants
and then obviously go to District your
partners so the accounting firms do
represent a big bulk of client base and
it it is because it is like your advisor
they might have 10 20 clients and
they're like hey everybody's going to
use this because it's going to enable me
to support you better and that happens
those are the firms that actually do the
I would say the best with bill.com and
they make a business out of it they
actually change the mile around and
sometimes they will say hey Jason you're
GNA pay me $5,000 a month to do all your
bookkeeping but you have to use Bill and
that's our exact
numbers and you don't even know what
you're paying for because they're paying
us and so and that that approach has
allowed us to generally grow with the
accounting professionals the bookkeepers
out there that want to do this and but
comes back to trust so it takes time to
get accounts to trust you it take time
to get finition SS trust we've been
working with both channels and both
partners for a long time uh K cycle did
before and so my ability to have those
conversations with the the the right
providers makes a difference so I think
for having the 2K on annual revenue it's
it's great but we know there's a lot of
opportunity to do more on top of that
right and so that's of what you're
seeing fact I think in the last quarter
numbers we announced that the net
revenue retention had bumped up to 124
right so we continue to grow our ability
through some of the different products
whether it's more users on the account
or some of these payment products we're
able to get grow that capability to
drive Revenue as we stale which is great
now these accountants and also the banks
they're a channel right but I think I'm
get they're a little different than I
don't think that they're at least my
counting right I don't think they're
trying to add is on top of it take a
HubSpot or a Shopify implementation
HubSpot might be 10K and then the agency
charges 30k or 20K on top of it this is
quite different right this is getting
everyone normalized on the platform so
do you staff them and manage them like a
traditional channel do you have a
channel team that supports them how do
you enable them to be successful and to
pick Bill yeah yeah so ultimately we
support east of our channels that are
not Direct in the wholesale fashion
right so they're buying wholesale from
us and then charging whatever they need
so sometimes they pass it through they
might mark it up as well yeah but they
typically wouldn't mark it up on an
Apple apples it would be more like hey
you need CFO ADV buis res services and
we're going to charge 5,000 a month for
that and you're going to use these three
products four products whatever it is so
that we can do that and then they spay
the Bild right so they don't market up
per se but they are because they're
spending a lot less time to be that CFO
in the Box because they have all these
capabilities with the account platforms
and tools that they're generating uh
business around financial institutions
what's a little bit different with them
is they just it takes time for them to
get their go to market machine working
and they are something that definitely
involves a little bit of patients and
understanding what's working and then
supporting them on that and each one can
be different some banks they're better
with marketing some banks are better
with sales some banks are better with
product and then product promotions our
team gets to work with them and figure
that out and then obviously that
learning becomes something that's part
of the toolkit for our go to market
across all the channels but when you
were at say preo when you're scaling
bill just because it's interesting this
let's take the accounting channel right
how do you if it's bulk did you have a
core kpi for the team did you say I want
to increase Revenue this much or did
they have group goals variable comp like
how do you because sometimes these
indirect channels it can be a little
challenge to get everyone aligned on on
on on the goals there right because it's
not like the sales team ringing the bell
right so did you crack that that code in
some fashion yeah direct is probably
pretty standard the way everybody else
says that there's a quota and it depends
on the revenue and that's how we do that
the accounts we look at it signed the
same way as you would direct but we look
at the account the revenue per
accounting fir right so the quota is
driven off of that so and then they have
an incentive to get EX clients on board
what we think is reasonable get EX
clients on board in the first period
what not and then we have account
managers that go back follow up and make
sure that they're driving success there
the banks uh are very different right
that's kind of elephant hunting and so
the teams there they get the bank
committed up front and we drive that
commitment in the contract to make sure
that there is a commitment and then it
becomes how do we serve you Mr Bank Mrs
bank right it's just it's all about what
do you need because you've already
submitted to us so now we're going to
understand your business and and with
that perspective and this really gets
back to how we build trust right like
when we're working with the accounting
firm and we're working with the bank
we're not trying to you know sell them
something that they didn't already buy
we're trying to support them what they
bought yep so let's really let's just
make sure we h on two more points this I
missed the 124% NR on the last quarterly
one that's pretty pretty awesome so
what's going but but it's going up it's
going up 110 at the IPO maybe it was
below 100 in the past so it's going up
what's really happening what's the magic
because that's not easy at scale it's
pretty amazing to maintain it at scale
because it's the greatest annuity of all
yeah so I there's two components to the
revenue there's subscription Revenue
there transaction revenue on
subscription side we continue to invest
in features that drive usage and users
for your firm if it was just you you're
paying us less than if we can get five
people approving bills in there right
and so how do we make it so easy that
you think hey you know what I just want
somebody else to look at this so I see
that that drives n up right just more
seats on the platform yeah so that's
definitely a part of us driving in our
up the other part is the transaction
growth right so to take it from 20% 50%
uh now we have teams that are focused on
whether it's in product placement or
sales or marketing that will drive the
international transactions a virtual
card that takes just skill and again
rigorous execution it's a constant look
at the day-to-day blocking and tackling
that are needed to drive transaction
growth and that's something that is I
would say something we've gotten better
and better at over the last few years an
example on International payments is how
do we take the burden off of you so you
don't have to ask your vendors that are
international and actually place on the
vendor to say you know what I'd rather
get bab the enough EX AC then a check
that Jason's going to ma right yeah I
don't know how it works but it's great
at Bill however it works it's great
that's much I know yeah and so there
always more work we can do I would say
given knowing you and knowing that what
you've done your whole career if you're
not a Visionary you're definitely an
early adopter right so for me to get you
to do something pretty easy but to get
to the the late majority or the even the
early majority it takes a lot more
marketing and skill to serve those
customers right that The Visionaries and
the early adopters like they get it
right they understand technology they I
see you doing something I'm like oh I
want what Jason has and then I go figure
it out but that's not true for the
majority of people in America right they
need to have spoonfed and that's
something that's working that's where we
do a lot of work to dve up the inter I
still think as imagine let's make sure
we have a few minutes to talk about your
m&a because it's interesting but for
example on our little team there is a
vendor that we use for credit cards and
my controller said she'd quit if I made
her change she said there's so many
recurring payments and like you do that
every three to four so I think business
process change for snps is a it's a big
deal for everybody yeah it's and you
have to think about how do you simplify
and not force it all at once right that
was the AHA for me it's like you got to
work on Bridges so yeah I think and and
especially as Founders in that zest to
make the UI beautiful and the onboarding
rate we forget sometimes about the soft
cost and sometimes that's a magical
piece when you and you've done it any so
you decided after all these years you
weren't going to start off with a $6
million acquisition and then an $1
million one I remember in the old days
Salesforce wanted to buy us and they
said but six million's the most Mark
will let us do and I said I don't know I
don't know know that's gonna work with
I've ra to r a capital but I love what
you did and I think what trulo did which
is I'm guessing is see where the Cloud's
going let's not wait so two billion for
divvy luckily you're worth more than two
billion right so you have the stock and
invoice to go but what did you learn
from why did you decide to go big versus
build by and all that and what was in
your what was in your mind is it just
incredible opportunity ahead of us yeah
I would say the thing that we do is we
always talk to customers understanding
what they want what they need and one
the thing in the spend Mansion space it
was uh growing fast enough that we had a
lot of joint customers so we had a lot
of people we could go talk to and
understand how they were using any of
the spend man Solutions and there was a
lot of love for divy and so when I
started talking with Blake and a team
and we thought found that there was a
really great Synergy across the the
teams as well it became the no-brainer
and I know that when we went public one
of the reasons was to have a currency to
be able to add on to the platform to
serve more customers with better
products and so this does both this
allows us to have better products and
tools on top of our platform that we've
already built but also allows us to
reach customers that maybe weren't
interested in us before for whatever
reason and so having an opportunity to
grow both the customer base and the
revenue for customer that increases the
Tam is pretty rare so you're you're
going to invest behind it like I it's
been 15 years growing the business uh
I'm in this to to really help smbs this
what I the reason I started the company
is I care deeply about the process
management challenges that they have
like you referenced and it is a pain to
change but I want them to actually get
their time back I want them to go do
what they started their business to do
it's all about that passion and the back
office county is nobody's passion other
than mine and we're going to focus on
and so the opportunity to pull things
together whether it's divy or invoice to
go like that's an opportunity that I see
and I'm dead set on making that happen
that's why I start a bill and I feel
we're on a good path to make it happen
so anything I can do I'm not going to
shy away from it I'll look at it make
sure it works did all and actually the
economics worked I didn't get stared by
the the price tag and what happened I
should know this but spend Management in
the last three and a half years or
something went from a sleepy thing that
really did not seem as webif as you
might expect in the enter we all
remember banging our head using Concur
and other things that are barely similar
to these apps but ultimately an
Enterprise version what's the switch
what happened why did the space explode
late relatively late in in the cloud
yeah I think it's the cloud takes time
to Cascade right so one of the things
that cated with the technology for card
payments is the ability to control card
payments through apis real time and so
that's essentially what divvy is doing
right yeah so without that you can't
build divvy you can't right so
the budget is you can set the budget for
your office manager to get $500 a month
and when they hit it they can ask you
for more and you can say yes on the spot
or you can say no but that ability to
control means you're more comfortable
giving out a lot more cards if you go
back to the old day before you had that
type of abilities they want to give
every employee a card because then they
might spend up to the Limit and they
might be doing soly thing that card now
you can say yeah i' give everybody a
card and their limits 250 so don't worry
about it but if they need more they can
just ask for to a budgeting process
that's on mobile phone so that I think
is what Chang is the apis to your point
change and people the cloud cated down
into the infrastructure that is behind
the card P yes so one last let one last
question while I have you and I thanks
for all the time you guys have I missed
a quarter I'm a quarter behind right but
two quarters ago you 109,000 customers
maybe you have 120 now it whatever the
number 121,000 y 121,000 I was putting
together a list of how many customers
public SAS companies have on average
yeah just the other day and I realized
it's 30,000 on average and then when I
thought about it for folks like you or
me to L that have been in the SMB space
forever that's like none even 120,000
like we all thought the Tam was small it
was hard to get these companies but
120,000 customers it's like nothing
isn't it what I tell clols is hey we've
been in this business 15 years 6 million
Employers in the country and that's
easily those companies have a need for
something like what we do an employer
they have a need for payroll they
probably have a need for what we do and
you can do the math I want millions of
customers and I'm not going to make it
unless we pick up the pace so the
opportunity to really expand the market
is real right there's and that's why I
go back to the distribution system that
that we have right so having the ability
to go to the accounts the accounts
continue to get better and better at
offering this tool to their customers
and their prospects the financial
institutions the direct the network the
opportunity for us to take the Super .2
million network members and give them
something that is a paying product all
of that is gets stronger and stronger
every day and that's part of the the
five wheel that we're working on is
staying focused on the customer their
needs and going after that six million
you us employers 20 million across the
globe and having an ability to continue
to simplify their lives save them time
and let them get back to what they love
Yeah you could really and then not to
tie it you're a public company so not to
be forward-looking but it seems to me
your true chance not even adding divy
and adding all the other amazing things
you're going to add I I think it's 20x
what you have today I don't see why if
you have 120,000 and there's 6 million
SBS three million you're never why can't
you have two million customers right
just the cloud is crazy isn't it is
there any mathematical reason you can't
someday have two million I you we
believe that there are millions of
businesses that need our Millions right
yeah yeah and and it takes time to do
that execution to do that there's a lot
of behind the scen stuff that has to get
done well for us to be in a position to
get that it's part of the ecosystem it's
part of the platform
these are all things and when we're at
the beginning of that penetration the
opportunity in front of us is definitely
something everybody on the team is focus
on we definitely feel that businesses
need our solution even when I talk to
people that are doing it the the old way
they will admit that it's pretty bad
when you start talking to them but it's
that resists the change so our job is
just to keep making it easier and easier
to change sure R this was incredible
thanks for your time again maybe for the
fourth time on this but not only a super
fan of you as a founder and CE but of
the product and customer put me on the
website if you need an extra testimonial
I don't think run a small business I
literally think I couldn't run it
without bill so thanks for all this yeah
we would